Skill System

Laws:
|) You have a pool of skills in the form of trees. (Primary skill that opens up a tree)
|) You pick one skill and subquentially pick a mini tree.
|) You have the ability to choose from the skills in the mini tree, or begin a new one.

|) Player will be able to choose between 1-3 Abilities 
|) Player will be able to pick inifinity number of utilities and main skill abilities

	|) Player has the ability to choose a single skill from either a utility tree
	an ability tree or a main skill ability
	|) OR the player has the ability to pick one skill from a set of trees(Utility, etc.)
	So 3 trees, 3 choices per tree. 4 if he can pick an ability of upgrade one


Skill Tree Types:
	|)Utility
		|)Game Utility 
			Enemies. Affects what type of enemy spawns
			Enemy abilities. Affects what abilities enemies have
			Spawn frequencies. Affects how often enemies spawn
			Enemy numbers. Affects how many enemies spawn
			Enemy stats. Affects enemy damage, health pool, etc.
		|)Player Utility 
			Size. Affects player hitbox AND dash hitbox
			Speed. Affects player speed AND dash speed
			Health. Affects player health
			Health Regen. Affects player health regen
			Hitboxes. Affects players hitbox, dash hitbox (Maybe enemy hitbox too)
			Exp multipliers. Affects how quickly a player levels up
	
	|)Ability
		|)Active
			✔️Timefreeze (Freezes / changes the time flow)
			✔️Supercharge (Removes the dash cooldown and allows the user to continuesly use it for a time)
			Kamekameha (Self explanatory)
			✔️Shockwave (Create an electrical shockwave in a field that kills projectiles)
			Space shift (Dash with so much force that the area "shifts")
			Absord (For a period of time contact with enemies doesn;t damage you, and you gain the abilities of the node you consumed)
			Refresher(Instantly refreshed your abilities)
			
		|)Passive
			Rings (Circular Objects orbiting player)
			BlackHole (Spawns a black hole randomly close to you, absorbes everything close)
			Doppelganger (Repeats what you do with a delay)
			Shield (Reduces projectile and melee damage)
			Gunslinger(Shoot at nearby enemies, cooldown between shots, medium damage)
		
		
	|)Main skill upgrades
		Circle: 
			Dash Range, 
			dash damage,
			dash cooldown, 
			dash range, 
			dash hitbox, 
			dash count (f.e. 2 dashs with refresh timer)
			Alternatively, you could change how dash works (f.e. dash to a direction and then come back)
			Or play with effects like dashing and leaving  a trail of fire

	

|) Implement different shapes with different powers 
	|) Circle can dash 
		Circle enemies crash into the player
	|) Triangle can shoot
		Triangle enemies maintain a set distance from the player
			Triangles could also deflect bullets
	|) Square can explode 
	|) Hexagon can spin
	
	|) Implement bosses for each shape
		|) Circle will be able to dash 
		|) Triangle will actively dodge attacks and maintain a proper distance 
		|) Square will explode and not die 
